hello all yemen kids is a new
video of charly modern warfare 3 and os
I'm going to present here as you see a lot
gravel
look how deep could you present here
a game dedicated exclusively to
willy rex and for stacks and then
I will download for those who want
I 'll play the link one day of these
it's worth it
well here we are going to see each one has its
base of willy and here has its base where
it would start on and in the trunk
We have gold helmet, gold , gravel
gold and boots
and as weapons you can choose between arc
golden sword and water sword
just in case they die of hunger
here we have apple I said
and good good I say to see
here is what he would break
well in the trunk we have exactly what
same
good the game is each
part of a base
and it comes to a fight
half of the bridge and obviously the one that
falls dies
It can be fun
it can be quite funny I guess
if they play it they will make a good video worth
a few fights here yes yes if they fall
quiet
Well, thank you very much for having
seen the video dar live favorites
See you later